# Synth-Studio-Text-Guided-Image-Variation
## Product Overview

Text-guided Image Variation helps in creating high-quality ethical images by adding or omitting elements to the given input image based on the text provided. The solution uses deep generative neural network concepts like image synthesis and latent diffusion models to create completely new images with reduced memory and computational cost. It can also enhance the resolution or change the design of the image as per the text input. The solution uses ML-based content moderation techniques to consider the ethical aspects of generated images by sending appropriate warnings. If  Not Safe For Work score (NSFW) is more than a fixed threshold or a blank image is generated then the model throws an error stating to give an appropriate input prompt or to change the random seed.


## Product Highlight
* The solution can also be used for image upscaling, in which the resolution of an image is increased, with more designs and styles potentially being added to the image. The model also considers the ethical aspects of image generation and gives NSFW (Not Safe For Work) warnings appropriately. The content input by the user and output generated by the listing needs to be duly verified for quality and ethical concerns before using/integrating with other applications.
* This guided image synthesis can be applied to use cases like data augmentation, in which the visual features of image data are changed to create more data of a similar kind. This reduces manual effort and improves productivity in cross-functional industries, some of which are metaverse, online content generation, Creative/Digital media, wildlife photography, designing UX/UI, etc.
* Mphasis Synth Studio is an Enterprise Synthetic Data Platform for generating high-quality synthetic data that can help derive and monetize trustworthy business insights while preserving privacy and protecting data subjects. Build reliable and high-accuracy models when you have no or low data. 

## Amazon Marketplace Link
The product can be found [here](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-xfentzfe7vekc)
